hey there Saturday and this is my third
Saturday morning DIY so what's up guys I
hope you're enjoying your weekend so far
and if you watched my video last week
you may know that I asked you guys if
you would rather see a t-shirt
reconstruction or a denim reconstruction
first and only one person answer that
question so thank you for answering my
question and humoring me because nobody
else likes to answer my questions but
one person said they wanted to see them
so that's what we're going to do today
I'm pulling inspiration from this pair
of jeans it's probably my favorite pair
of jeans that I have
it's from Wet Seal and I kind of want to
do a bleaching on my jeans
sort of like this I don't want to call
it acid washing because when I think
about sub washing I think of like the
whole Jean being like a synced bleached
color this is sort of like a latke acid
washing so that's what I want to do with
my jeans today I'm using this pair of
jeans today for my reconstruction it's
just a dark wash pair of skinny jeans
from forever 21 they were like nine
dollars in probably 80 cents because
forever21 dirt cheap when it comes to
the skinny jeans and I suggest that you
just start off with a pair of dark wash
because if you use a light wash then
you're really not going to be able to
tell what you bleach did what you did
sleek you really want a nice contrast
you can get any cheap pair of jeans go
to the thrift store but avid will use
something that you're not afraid to mess
up you're going to need a bucket your
pair of jeans obviously a pack of rubber
bands bleach and water also you want to
use a well ventilated area preferably
outside because you are using bleach I'm
pretty sure that I have everything I
need
I have my jeans and everything else
downstairs so let's go out to my
backyard alright so the first thing you
want to do is take your rubber band and
tie off your jeans any way that you want
to it doesn't really matter
you're going to come out differently
just bunch them up and fold them however
you want to and take your rubber bands
and tie it around it and you're going to
do this all over your jeans employees
satisfied with the design that you end
up making so this bucket has about 80
ounces of water in it and I measured
that using this party cups of 25 is 16
ounces I use five of them so that makes
80 into the water and I'm going to put
in three of these party cups of bleach
in here and that's going to be 48 ounces
of sweet
now you're going to take your genes that
have been banded up with rubber bands
and you're going to stick it into your
bleach mixture now it really depends on
what color you want your genes to be so
just come back and check it about every
30 minutes and see what color your genes
are turning out you may have to flip it
over like mine are not completely
submerged so that's fine with me I'll
just come back and when the color on the
bottom is the color that I want to be
I'll flip it over and then do the other
side that hasn't been touching the water
and bleach mixture and then after to the
desired effect that you wanted to be the
exact color that you want go ahead and
just take it out of the bleach mixture
and I'll show you what to do next my
jeans have been sitting in the water and
bleach mixture for about an hour and a
half the first set I did for an hour
then I flipped it over to the other side
for almost 30 minutes and then the last
few minutes of the hour and a half I
flipped it back over to the original
side what I'm going to do is take these
out and rinse them out with the water
hose over in the gravel so it doesn't
kill the grass or anything and then I'm
going to take the rubber bands out stick
it in the washing machine and do a cold
wash on it with no detergent just water
no detergents don't do anything like
that just water on cold and then I'll
dry them and show you what they look
like
I'm finished with my pair of jeans and
I'm so happy with the way that came out
I think they look gorgeous if you want
your James to be more of a white
bleached color like the pants that I use
for my inspiration what you're going to
have to do is one use more bleach and
two possibly put it in for a longer time
but using more bleach would make it go
wider faster but I have to say be very
careful when you're doing that because
you could bleach a whole rights of your
pants and it might be in a very
unflattering area so just be careful
when you're doing that and also have I
got these little flowering designs and I
just use a basic tie-dye technique
I took the jeans and I bunched up an
area like this and I just tire burb and
around it and that's how I got the
flowering technique and also the thing I
really like about this it's the bottoms
of my jeans are darker than the top so
it kind of looks like an hombre slash
tie-dye effect so that's really cool and
I really enjoy that it came out like
that so I hope you guys try this have
fun be careful don't bleach aloe right
there your jeans and yeah just get
creative and have fun with your jeans
and anything else that you want I die
slash hombre slash bleach acid wash
whatever you want to college so I will
see you guys in my next video have a
great weekend and I'll see you guys
later peace out